https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-6285 Updating FIPS for 2.8 (#5297)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/fips_readiness.adoc

FIPS readiness has been completed for {product-title}. {product-title-short} uses the same tools to make sure cryptography calls are passed to the Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) certified cryptographic modules that are used by {ocp}. 

If you plan to manage clusters with FIPS enabled, you must have a FIPS-ready hub cluster because cryptography created on the hub cluster is stored on the managed cluster. Set the following parameter in your {ocp-short} managed cluster, `fips:true`.

> 

Author: Adding the link to Gus' suggestion: https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/pull/5297#discussion_r1269931550

Since I made updates, his suggestion is not displayed from the _Files changed_ tab

FIPS readiness has been completed for {product-title}. {product-title-short} uses the same tools to make sure cryptography calls are passed to the Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) certified cryptographic modules that are used by {ocp}. 

> You must deploy your managed clusters from a FIPS-ready hub cluster. You must set the `fips:` parameter to `true` in your {ocp-short} managed cluster. 

Reviewer: You must deploy your managed clusters from a FIPS-ready hub cluster. You must set the `fips:` parameter to `true` in your {ocp-short} managed cluster with all necessary FIPS configuration and remediations performed.

> You must deploy your managed clusters from a FIPS-ready hub cluster. You must set the `fips:` parameter to `true` in your {ocp-short} managed cluster. 

Reviewer 2: I am restating this some to make the scenario more clear to me.
```suggestion
If you will manage clusters with FIPS enabled, you must have a FIPS-ready hub cluster because cryptography created on the hub is stored on managed cluster. 
```

Author: Thank you Gus for your suggestion! I like that you added the reason for FIPS enablement. Based on your suggestion and the style guide (removed the word "will" to maintain active tone), I suggest the following statement:

 "If you plan to manage clusters with FIPS enabled, you must have a FIPS-ready hub cluster because cryptography created on the hub cluster is stored on the managed cluster. Set the following parameter in your {ocp-short} managed cluster, `fips:true`."

I added the instruction on how to enable FIPS on the managed cluster, should we still remove that part? Is there a resource that we want to point them too or can we just let the user know which resource they need to update in OCP?

Reviewer 2: Thanks, I don't think we want to have the `fips: true` sentence but I don't see another location where this is documented right now.  If you want to keep it the wording needs to be changed.  The `fips: true` is not a parameter you can set at any time you like -- it must be set when you provision the managed cluster.  That's the kind of statements I think we would need here.  So something like:
When you require FIPS, be sure the clusters in your fleet are created with the `fips: true` setting.  FIPS cannot be enabled after a cluster has been provisioned.
